[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: The way you generate
an acceptance test is ember g acceptance
test and then you will pass in
as the name of the acceptance
test will be usually like
the URL you're visiting or
the route you're visiting so
we're just gonna call it
index.
>> Mike North: And
this is the default setup here I'm gonna
change this to acceptance index, so
we can see that what is happening is first
we are visiting this thing called index
and then we are just verifying that the
current URL is what it's supposed to be.
We can put a debugger inside and
then remember that you want it to be in
the promise chain and
sure the URL says index but what's
happened in fact is we've intermediate
transitioned to the error sub state.
And so we're seeing oops on the page and
that is because we're in
fact in the not found route.
So we're going to visit
this page instead and
verify that ultimately we end up on.
Remember yesterday we set up
a redirect to take care of that.
And this will pass.
And just to prove to you guys
that the real app is running.
>> Mike North: There it is.
Right.
So, this is the whole app.
We're not testing in isolation anymore.
So, I have a little, I have a second
screen here with the instructions here.
So, step one for
the acceptance test was to visit the page.
We're gonna verify that
the current route name is correct.
Just I've added a little mix
to give you guys some variety.
And at orgs route and then the next step
is to click on the Ember JS GitHub org.
>> Mike North: And if we look at where we
ended up we're in the Ember.
And we're going to, from that point on,
verify that the current url is
correct.
>> Mike North: And
it should be org/emberjs/repos.
It's again testing our redirect, right,
testing that we've actually
forwarded through and made it there.
Whoop, leading /
>> Speaker 2: CurrentUrl was return
of relative.
>> Speaker 2: Obviously CurrentUrl
is returning to relative path,
not the full So
it will be the path component of the url,
it will emit the hostname and
the and at repos page.
>> Mike North: The next
step is to click on the link for
the ember data repo.
Use our same selector here more or less.
>> Mike North: So it's saying org not
found.
>> Mike North: So
I'm gonna actually debug this here.
Make sure that my selector's doing
what I think it should be doing
>> Mike North: Come on.
>> Mike North: So that is the ember data
link.
>> Mike North: I
know what the problem is here.
It was a bug that was already in the code.
So if we look at what's happening.
If we look at the console we're using
an incorrect attribute to form this URL.
We're using the name of
the repo instead of the login.
So we've caught a bug here and
we just need to go there's
the org ID sorry it's in repo.
>> Mike North: Org log in.
>> Mike North: And now all the tests pass,
because we know that that's what
the green bar at the top means there.
So at that point we should be,
just verify the current URL
>> Mike North: And we're gonna make sure
that there are some thing
is in the issues list.
>> Mike North: This is not gonna work.
>> Mike North: Issues LI
>> Mike North: And I think just make sure
there is something there
>> Mike North: And you can see that we're
accumulating a nice little workflow here.
And the last step is gonna be to
click on the collaborator's or
contributor's link.
>> Speaker 2: If there's other issues it's
gonna break out test up.
>> Mike North: [LAUGH] Well, it will but
I'm gonna drop something in that will
have us testing sample data instead of.
[INAUDIBLE] the appropriate test.
>> Mike North: Contributors
>> Mike North: Okay [NOISE],
something's up here.
Some contributors.
See if there actually
are items in that list.
There are.
>> Mike North: I
think I called it.
>> Mike North: Yup, my bad.
>> Mike North: All right, end on green.
So that's our full acceptance test here.
Sorry that was a little bit of a slog but
the point is that
in only 25 lines of code here we
are able to kind of drill pretty
deeply into our whole route hierarchy and
we are doing a bunch of pivots.
There's a lot of surface level coverage
regaining in writing a test like this,
and it's pretty readable considering
that the alternative would be
either the famous Node.js pyramid of doom
call backs and call backs and call backs.
Or a whole lot of promise chaining.
The effort here is to let you write
a test that really has a lot of
asynchrony baked into it
as if it were synchronous.
And I'm quite excited about
when we have support for
Async 08 and things like JS Hint and
all the tooling.
So that we can, even to a higher degree,
have this look like code and
even mix it with code
at that language level
instead of having to rely on.
So, last thing, drop in pretender.
It's a really quick since
I kinda did it in advance.
[SOUND] So just to query this
Json function at the top, so
we can make use of it.
>> Mike North: Make
the server available so
that we can shut it down on the end.
>> Mike North: And fix my indent and
then we're good.
And server dot shut down,
all that's doing is giving you back
the real XML HTTP request object.
And, dear, tests are failing.
Some issues.
So.
At and then.
So a good thing to do if there are errors
that don't pop up in the console,
is you can disable tricache.
>> Speaker 3: You said greater than two,
you have two of each?
>> Mike North: Thank you.
Good catch.
>> Speaker 4: Gotta beat more issues.
>> Mike North: Fantastic, all right.
So we're passing now and
if we look at the Network tab,
no real API requests or send out.
This is strictly on the UI side and
so this is how you'd want to set things
up if you're running on Travesia and
don't want a bunch of random
traffic coming into your API.